[docs] add secrets documentation (#12256)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build-reference/variables.md

## Using secrets in environment variables

> For values that you want to expose to your EAS Build hooks but are too sensitive to include in your source code, you can use our Secrets feature found on the Expo website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide your build jobs with access to values that are too sensitive to include in your source code and git repository, you can use "Secrets".
```

These secrets are encrypted at rest and in transit, and are only decrypted in a secure environment by EAS servers.

> You can create up to 100 account-wide and app-specific secrets. Account-wide, or "global" secrets will be exposed to every build environment across all of your apps. App-specific secrets only apply to the app they're defined on, and override global secrets with the same name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to create up to 100 account-wide secrets for each Expo account and 100 app-specific secrets for each app (you probably won't need that many). Account-wide, or "global" secrets will be exposed to every build environment across all of your apps. App-specific secrets apply to the app they're defined on, and override global secrets with the same name.
```

> For managing secrets, we provide a web-based UI and a set of EAS CLI commands.

Reviewer: You can manage secrets through the Expo website and EAS CLI.

> ### Finding the secrets web UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Secrets on the Expo website
```

> To create secrets to use across all apps in an account, you can navigate to the "Secrets" tab under the account settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create secrets to use across all apps in an account, navigate to the "Secrets" tab under the account settings:
```

Reviewer: maybe we should link to this directly? easier than telling people where to go

> ![Global secrets location](/static/images/eas-build/environment-secrets/secrets-account-nav.png)

Reviewer: same thing re: ImageSpotlight, for all of the images here

> To create secrets to in a specific app, you can navigate to the "Secrets" tab under the app dashboard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create secrets to in a specific app, navigate to the "Secrets" tab under the app dashboard:
```

Reviewer: it would be cool if there was a way to link to some tab without specifying which app, and when the user follows the link they're presented with a list of apps that they have access to, and upon selecting the project it will go to the appropriate tab

![App secrets location](/static/images/eas-build/environment-secrets/secrets-project-nav.png)

> If you haven't published your app yet and it isn't visible on the projects list, use the create a project on the project list page.

Reviewer: > use the create a project on the project list page.

wording?

![Create project button location](/static/images/eas-build/environment-secrets/project-creation-navigation.png)

![Create project UI](/static/images/eas-build/environment-secrets/project-creation-web.png)

> ### Adding secrets from the web UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adding secrets with the website
```

When setting up secrets for a new account or app, you'll be met with this UI:

![Empty secrets UI](/static/images/eas-build/environment-secrets/secrets-empty.png)

Click the "Create" button in the top-right of the table to create a new secret.

A secret needs a name and a value. The name can only contain alphanumeric characters and underscores:

![Secret creation UI filled](/static/images/eas-build/environment-secrets/secrets-create-filled.png)

![Secret UI with stored secret](/static/images/eas-build/environment-secrets/secrets-populated.png)

> ### Adding secrets from EAS CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adding secrets with EAS CLI
```

```

To view the secrets you currently have for this project, run `eas secrets:list`:

```
> eas secrets:list
✔ Linked to project @fiberjw/keitai-demo-2
Secrets for this account and project:
┌─────────────────┬─────────┬─────────────────┬──────────────────────────────────────┐
│ Name            │ Target  │ Updated at      │ ID                                   │
├─────────────────┼─────────┼─────────────────┼──────────────────────────────────────┤
│ Anotherone      │ project │ Mar 11 17:51:36 │ e6625438-d1ed-463b-a143-dd3c2d8f57d6 │
├─────────────────┼─────────┼─────────────────┼──────────────────────────────────────┤
│ sdalskdasdlkasj │ project │ Mar 14 20:57:31 │ f093af84-cc8e-45c0-b969-0e86c724369d │
├─────────────────┼─────────┼─────────────────┼──────────────────────────────────────┤
│ hellllo         │ account │ Mar 14 20:10:52 │ aa08a553-289e-4a6a-9063-8607a4358df5 │
├─────────────────┼─────────┼─────────────────┼──────────────────────────────────────┤
│ sdalskdasdlkasj │ account │ Mar 14 22:10:06 │ 52904cd8-8b23-4afc-aaba-403b9ded7f9f │
├─────────────────┼─────────┼─────────────────┼──────────────────────────────────────┤

> │ SECRET_NAME     │ project │ Mar 15 17:46:08 │ 0fdde012-43e2-433d-abb6-9f5b01b63cdf │

Reviewer: secret names here are an opportunity for us to subtly communicate what you might use secrets for. we should name them things like `sentryApiKey` and `npmToken`

└─────────────────┴─────────┴─────────────────┴──────────────────────────────────────┘
```

To delete a secret, run `eas secrets:delete`:

```
> eas secrets:delete 5ba31194-3fc1-45d0-a76c-d5c2ea09c9b9

> You are about to permamently delete secret with id: "5ba31194-3fc1-45d0-a76c-d5c2ea09c9b9".

Reviewer: i know this is more of a cli thing but we should probably output the name of the secret when deleting

> This action is irreversable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action is irreversible.
```

✔ Are you sure you wish to proceed? … no / yes
✔ ️Deleted secret with id "5ba31194-3fc1-45d0-a76c-d5c2ea09c9b9".
```

### Accessing secrets in EAS Build

> After creating a secret, you can access the value via EAS Build hooks in Node.JS as `process.env.VARIABLE_NAME` or in shell scripts as `$VARIABLE_NAME`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating a secret, you can access the value via EAS Build hooks in Node.js as `process.env.VARIABLE_NAME` or in shell scripts as `$VARIABLE_NAME`:
```

```json
// package.json
{
  "scripts": {
    "eas-build-pre-install": "echo $VARIABLE_NAME",
    "android": "react-native run-android",
    "ios": "react-native run-ios",
    "web": "expo start --web",
    "start": "react-native start",
    "test": "jest"
  },
 ...
}
```

> Learn more about EAS Build hooks [here](/build-reference/how-tos/#eas-build-specific-npm-hooks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Learn more about EAS Build hooks](/build-reference/how-tos/#eas-build-specific-npm-hooks).
```

## Using secrets in environment variables

To provide your build jobs with access to values that are too sensitive to include in your source code and git repository, you can use "Secrets".

These secrets are encrypted at rest and in transit, and are only decrypted in a secure environment by EAS servers.

> It is possible to create up to 100 account-wide secrets for each Expo account and 100 app-specific secrets for each app (you probably won't need that many). Account-wide, or "global" secrets will be exposed to every build environment across all of your apps. App-specific secrets apply to the app they're defined on, and override global secrets with the same name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can create up to 100 account-wide secrets for each Expo account, and 100 app-specific secrets for each app (you probably won't need that many). Account-wide, or "global" secrets will be exposed to every build environment across all of your apps. App-specific secrets only apply to the app they're defined for, and will override any global secrets with the same name.
```

You can manage secrets through the Expo website and EAS CLI.

### Secrets on the Expo website

> To create secrets to use across all apps in an account, navigate to the "Secrets" tab under the [account settings](https://expo.io/settings/secrets):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create account-wide secrets, navigate to the "Secrets" tab under your account or organization's [settings](https://expo.io/settings/secrets):
```
(assuming the behavior is the same for personal accounts and orgs here)

Author: Yep, the behavior is the same, but the link would only go to the personal account

<ImageSpotlight alt="Global secrets location" src="/static/images/eas-build/environment-secrets/secrets-account-nav.png" />

> To create secrets to in a specific project, navigate to the "Secrets" tab under the project dashboard:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create app-specific secrets, navigate to the "Secrets" tab in the project dashboard:
```

> <ImageSpotlight alt="Project secrets location" src="/static/images/eas-build/environment-secrets/secrets-project-nav.png" />

Reviewer 2: could we circle the `Secrets` tab on the left (same way it's circled in the secrets-account-nav.png image)

> If you haven't published your project yet and it isn't visible on the website, create one on the project list page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your project isn't visible on the website, you probably haven't published it yet. Create a new project on the project list page:
```

<ImageSpotlight alt="Create project button location" src="/static/images/eas-build/environment-secrets/project-creation-navigation.png" />

<ImageSpotlight alt="Create project UI" src="/static/images/eas-build/environment-secrets/project-creation-web.png" />

### Adding secrets with the website

When setting up secrets for a new account or app, you'll be met with this UI:

<ImageSpotlight alt="Empty secrets UI" src="/static/images/eas-build/environment-secrets/secrets-empty.png" />

Click the "Create" button in the top-right of the table to create a new secret.

A secret needs a name and a value. The name can only contain alphanumeric characters and underscores:

<ImageSpotlight alt="Secret creation UI filled" src="/static/images/eas-build/environment-secrets/secrets-create-filled.png" />

<ImageSpotlight alt="Secret UI with stored secret" src="/static/images/eas-build/environment-secrets/secrets-populated.png" />

### Adding secrets with EAS CLI

To create a new secret, run `eas secrets:create`

```

> > eas secrets:create project SECRET_NAME secretvalue

Reviewer 2: is `project` a flag here, or should you put the actual slug of your project?

Author: it's a flag

✔ Linked to project @fiberjw/goodweebs
✔ You're inside the project directory. Would you like to use fiberjw account? … yes
✔ ️Created a new secret SECRET_NAME on project @fiberjw/goodweebs.
```

> To view the secrets you currently have for this project, run `eas secrets:list`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To view any existing secrets for this project, run `eas secrets:list`:
```
